Calamities are of two kinds. Misfortunes to ourselves, and good fortune to others.
Destroy what destroys you.
Do not squander time – this is stuff life is made of.
Enjoy every moment.
Everyone is the creator of one’s own fate.
Remember who you are.
Stretching his hand out to catch the stars, he forgets the flowers at his feet.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
The more you give the more you love
You can’t make your heart feel something it won’t.
Your life is not a problem to be solved but a gift to be opened.
Live without regrets.
Lost time is never found again.
Love is my religion.
Love is not finding someone to live with, its finding someone you can’t live without.
Money often costs too much
Never look back.
Never stop dreaming.
Everyone sees the world in one’s own way
Everyone underwent something that changed him.
Failure does not mean I have disgraced; It does mean I have dared to try
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
All we need is love.
Be careful with your thoughts – they are the beginning of deeds.
Be loyal to the one who is loyal to you.
Beauty is an outward gift which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused.
Beauty is only skin deep, but it’s a valuable asset if you are poor or haven’t any sense.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted
No man or woman is worth your tears, and the one who is, would not make you cry.
Not the power to remember, but it’s very opposite, the power to forget, is a necessary condition for our existence.
Nothing is beautiful from every point of view.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
To get anywhere, strike out for somewhere, or you will get nowhere
We do not remember days, we remember moments.
When in doubt, tell the truth
While I’m breathing — I love and believe.
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
A life is a moment.
Fall down seven times, stand up eight.
Fools grow without watering
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life.
Have no fear of perfection; you’ll never reach it
I reject your reality and substitute my own!
I shall not live in vain.
I’ll get everything I want.
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs
Only love can break your heart so be sure it’s right befor you fall.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
A good head and a good heart is always a formidable combination.